W 11493455 Logging Partials hl (#2035)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/partials/ssl-logs.adoc

// Used in Connector troubleshooting pages.
== Enable SSL Logging
Enable SSL logs to investigate an issue related to TLS communications.

> You can set your SSL log depending on your required level of detail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set your SSL log level depending on your required level of detail:
```

> You can set your SSL log level depending on your required level of detail:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set your SSL log level depending on your required level of detail:
```

> . Enable only SSL log details

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable only SSL log details:
```

> `javax.net.debug=ssl`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl`
+
```

> . Enable only handshaking details (The handshake protocol is a series of messages exchanged over the record protocol)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable only handshaking details. (The handshake protocol is a series of messages exchanged over the record protocol.)
```

> `javax.net.debug=ssl:handshake`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl:handshake`
+
```

> . Enable handshaking and SSL at the same time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable handshaking details and SSL details at the same time:
```

> `javax.net.debug=ssl, handshake`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl, handshake`
+
```

> . Enable dumping all details and all traffic data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable dumping of all details and all traffic data
```

> . Enable dumping of all details and all traffic data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable dumping of all details and all traffic data
```
```suggestion
. Enable dumping all details and all traffic data:
```

> . Enable dumping of all details and all traffic data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable the dumping of all details and traffic data:
```

> `javax.net.debug=all`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
`javax.net.debug=all`
+
```

+
NOTE: This option is very verbose and under normal circumstances is not necessary.

[WARNING]

> SSL logging results in a performance impact for HTTPS (or other TLS) connections. SSL logging must only be enabled to troubleshoot a specific issue and must not be enabled for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages and can inundate your log file if it is left enabled and unattended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSL logging results in a performance impact for HTTPS or other TLS connections. SSL logging must only be enabled to troubleshoot a specific issue and must not be enabled for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages and can inundate your log file if it is left enabled and unattended.
```

> SSL logging results in a performance impact for HTTPS (or other TLS) connections. SSL logging must only be enabled to troubleshoot a specific issue and must not be enabled for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages and can inundate your log file if it is left enabled and unattended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSL logging results in a performance impact for HTTPS or other TLS connections. Enable SSL logging only to troubleshoot a specific issue and do not enable it for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages and can inundate your log file if it is left enabled and unattended.
```

> Before implementing SSL logging, note that SSL logging introduces a performance impact for HTTPS (or other TLS) connections. SSL logging must be enabled only to troubleshoot a specific issue and must not be enabled for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages. It may inundate your log file if left enabled unattended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSL logging results in a performance impact for HTTPS (or other TLS) connections. SSL logging must only be enabled to troubleshoot a specific issue and must not be enabled for extended periods. SSL logging produces a significant amount of log messages and can inundate your log file if it is left enabled and unattended.
```

To enable SSL logs:

> The debug parameter must be set as an argument in the runtime configuration for the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the debug parameter as an argument in the runtime configuration for the application.
```

> . In Studio, right click on the project and select *Run > Run Configurations*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Studio, right-click on the project and select *Run > Run Configurations*.
```

// Used in Connector troubleshooting pages.
== Enable SSL Logging
Enable SSL logs to investigate an issue related to TLS communications.

Set your SSL log level depending on your required level of detail:

. Enable only SSL log details:
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl`
+
. Enable only handshaking details. (The handshake protocol is a series of messages exchanged over the record protocol.)
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl:handshake`
+
. Enable handshaking details and SSL details at the same time:
+
`javax.net.debug=ssl, handshake`
+
. Enable the dumping of all details and traffic data:
+
`javax.net.debug=all`
+

> +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
